there are mixed signals toight from the
Israeli government about whether they
will agree to us peace plan for Gaza the
Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin netan
who says Israel could start adopting
parts of the plan but not unless it
leads to the total Destruction of Hamas
tonight it's been confirmed that four
hostages are dead including one British
Israeli man nadav poppelwell last week
President Biden set out a three-part
peace plan starting with an initial six
we ceasefire leading to end in the
fighting the freeing of all the hostages
and the Reconstruction of Gaza without
Hamas in power our middleast
correspondent Lucy Williamson hears from
people inside Gaza and in the town of
zot on the Israel Gaza border to gauge
reaction to the new
plan the price of gaza's war is rising
as its cities
crumble the price of Peace too high for
leaders on both
sides Israel's said it had bombed more
than 50 targets since yesterday but
Hamas is still fighting here and hopes
for the new ceasefire deal were
mixed hamash should raise its demands
and seriously adhere to the conditions
they set which are the people's
demands Hamas accept the deal it's
enough enough of what we lost we urge
Hamas to stop the war Israel's prime
minister is negotiating on two fronts
his far-right allies say he must
continue the war until Hamas is
destroyed or they'll bring down the
government he's insisted that his
conditions for a ceasefire haven't
changed we have gone a long way to
return the hostages while keeping the
war's objectives in mind primarily the
elimination of Hamas we insist that we
will achieve both it's all part of the
plan not something I've just
added but Hamas has said it won't free
more hostages without a guarantee the
war will end tonight Israel learned that
four more captives were confirmed to
have died Heim Perry yuram meta amiram
Cooper and British Israeli nadav
Powell after almost 8 months of War much
of Northern Gaza lies in Ruins but
Israel's prime minister is struggling to
end the war because he hasn't achieved
his War goal
he hasn't brought back all the hostages
he hasn't destroyed Hamas the US
President says Hamas is no longer
capable of carrying out the kind of
attack it did on the 7th of October but
Israelis living here by the Gaza border
say they still don't feel
safe this is the last time yarn saw her
neighborhood trapped in her home in stot
by the Gaza border as Hamas gunman ran
through the streets you know if my
middle she and her three children fled
to Jerusalem the next day as sees fire
now she says won't be enough to send
them home we will free the hostages but
few few years from now your life will be
you will be the next hostages you will
be the next people that get murdered
that the women that wed the the all this
will be happen again this is fire will
kill us ending this conflict rests with
the leaders of Israel and Hamas locked
in a war for their own Survival Lucy
Williamson BBC News stot